1. Summary Analysis
    - What hurts
        + Inability to pre-process data before querying it in Tableau
        + Corporate constraints are limiting the choices (self hosted solution)
        + Database server performance/limitation due to volume of data
    - What people want?
        + Self-hosted dashobard solution that allows caching and pre-processing of data
    - What people buy?
        + ShinyApp/ShinyDashboard
        + Tableau
        + PowerBI
        + Qlik
        + Caravel
        + Plot.ly
        + Domo
        + Kibana
    - Essays Ideas:
        + How to use Tableau with R?
        + How to use Tableau with Python?
        + How to run analysis on the data before querying it on Tableau?

2. Data Collection

[Source](https://www.reddit.com/r/datascience/comments/4mcxgx/looking_at_new_dashboarding_solutions/)

- Looking at new dashboarding solutions
- Use Tableau for the vast majority of our dashboarding
- Serious limitation:
    + Not only show data by manipulate data in not-so-trivial way
- Hoping Python dashboard solutions would let the data be passed through analysis methods into plotting modules and include:
    + Filtering
    + Grouping
    + etc.
- Can't use solutions that require external hosting 
- Work with large data volume 
    + Would prefer caching solution versus hitting the query server repeatedly ehen changin filters and grouping options.
    + Are there any options out there for this that you would recommend?

- ShinyApp/ShinyDashboard?

- Tableau has a method to implement R code
    - Knowledge of R is lacking
    - Seconding using R with Tableau

- PowerBI
    + Same data model as Excel
    + Scripting language called DAX - similar to excel formulas
    + All kinds of integration

- Qlik
    + Similar to Tableau for dashboard
    + Large Data Sets
    + Scripting that allows for data manipulation
    + Free for personal use.

- Caravel
    + https://github.com/airbnb/caravel
    + Basically does what Tableau does, driven in Python
    + I don't see any way to run code on the data (beyond SQL queries)
    + Am I missing a layer?

- Plot.ly

- Domo

- Kibana
 